KOGITO-3558 - Audit ui security paragraph (#3071)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/chap-kogito-release-notes.adoc

=== {PRODUCT} runtimes

==== Enable {PRODUCT} Audit Console security with OpenID Connect

> For Quarkus-based {PRODUCT} services, you can now use the https://quarkus.io/guides/security-openid-connect[Quarkus OpenID Connect adapter] with the {PRODUCT} Audit Console to enable the console to interact with the {PRODUCT} Data Index Service using bearer token authorization.

Author: ```suggestion
For Quarkus-based {PRODUCT} services, you can now use the https://quarkus.io/guides/security-openid-connect[Quarkus OpenID Connect adapter] with the {PRODUCT} Audit Console to enable the console to interact with the {PRODUCT} Trusty Service using bearer token authorization.
```

Reviewer: Done
